

1. IN _define_value_labels, yesno can be expanded to yes_no_unsure, with unsure as -1.
    - Then remove insurance_lbl (and replace with yes-No_unsure)
    - Gnerally review for opportunities to consolidate labels (eg fluvax_lastyear_lbl --> yes_no_unsure)
    - Also in _define_value_labels , freq4 and freq4_nodoc can be consolidated, with -1 being "NA" 
    - scale10_lbl is unncessary 
    - generally code prefer not to say as 99 rather than top of scale 
2. explain the logic of when a utiltiy do file is in code/_include and vs just code/. Check with me about 
    standardizing. if needed, update do file locatiosn and file paths in all do files. 

3. On lines 123-133 of clean_main.do, we create string arm assignment and indicators. These seem unncessary.
    Check the codebase to see if these are used elsewhere and if not, remove these lines and adjust rest
    of the do file as needed. 
4. update clean_prolific_demographics to encode prolific ethnicity. The categories are 
    Asian Black CONSENT_REVOKED DATA_EXPIRED Mixed Other "Prefer not to say" and White. 
5. rename "final sample" variable to be survey specific (clean_sample_prescreen, etc.) and update
    code base. Then make a final_sampel variable, after merging presreen and main, which indicates:
    clean_sample_prescreen==1 & clean_sample_main == 1 (and hence _merge == 3)
6. update table-making ado files so that different kinds of output is possible, including multiple.
    one kind of output is formatted for latex.
    anoher kind of output is formatted for quatro. 
    for an example of how quatro tables should be formatted:

        | fruit  | price  |
        |--------|-------:|
        | apple  | 2.05   |
        | pear   | 1.37   |
        | orange | 3.09   |
    after updating the code ado file, update the stat acode to produce .tex files and quarto-appropriate 
    files, then update slides.qmd to use the quarto-appropriate treatment effect table

x. maybe plan for "what about" ; helpful with experimenter demand issues 
